my spirit is broken my days are
my spirit is broken my days are extinguished the grave is ready for me
extinguished the grave is ready for me
extinguished the grave is ready for me are not mockers with me and does not my
are not mockers with me and does not my
are not mockers with me and does not my ID well on their provocation now put
ID well on their provocation now put
ID well on their provocation now put down a pledge for me with yourself who
down a pledge for me with yourself who
down a pledge for me with yourself who is he who would shake hands with me for
is he who would shake hands with me for
is he who would shake hands with me for you have hidden their heart from
you have hidden their heart from
you have hidden their heart from understanding therefore you will not
understanding therefore you will not
understanding therefore you will not exalt them he who speaks flattery to his
exalt them he who speaks flattery to his
exalt them he who speaks flattery to his friends even the eyes of his children
friends even the eyes of his children
friends even the eyes of his children will fail but he has made me a byword of
will fail but he has made me a byword of
will fail but he has made me a byword of the people and I had become one in whose
the people and I had become one in whose
the people and I had become one in whose face men spit my eye has also grown dim
face men spit my eye has also grown dim
face men spit my eye has also grown dim because of sorrow and all my members are
because of sorrow and all my members are
because of sorrow and all my members are like shadows upright men are astonished
like shadows upright men are astonished
like shadows upright men are astonished at this and the innocence tears himself
at this and the innocence tears himself
at this and the innocence tears himself up against the hypocrite yet the
up against the hypocrite yet the
up against the hypocrite yet the righteous will hold to his way and he
righteous will hold to his way and he
righteous will hold to his way and he who has clean hands would be stronger
who has clean hands would be stronger
who has clean hands would be stronger and stronger but please come back again
and stronger but please come back again
and stronger but please come back again all of you for I shall not find one wise
all of you for I shall not find one wise
all of you for I shall not find one wise man among you my days oppressed my
man among you my days oppressed my
man among you my days oppressed my purposes are broken off even the
purposes are broken off even the
purposes are broken off even the thoughts of my heart
thoughts of my heart
thoughts of my heart they changed the night in the day the
they changed the night in the day the
they changed the night in the day the light is near they say in the face of
light is near they say in the face of
light is near they say in the face of darkness if I wait for the grave as my
darkness if I wait for the grave as my
darkness if I wait for the grave as my house if I make my bed in the darkness
house if I make my bed in the darkness
house if I make my bed in the darkness if I say to corruption you are my father
if I say to corruption you are my father
if I say to corruption you are my father and to the worm you are my mother and my
and to the worm you are my mother and my
and to the worm you are my mother and my sister
sister
sister where then is my hope is from I hope who
where then is my hope is from I hope who
where then is my hope is from I hope who can see it will they go down to the
can see it will they go down to the
can see it will they go down to the gates of Sheol shall we have rest
gates of Sheol shall we have rest
gates of Sheol shall we have rest together in the dust
together in the dust
together in the dust [Music]